README.md, before:

[![Programming Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/languages-Swift_3-green.svg?style=flat)](#)
[![GNU v3 License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GNU-yellow.svg?style=flat)](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@BatuhanKok-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://twitter.com/BatuhanKok)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/website-batuhan.me-lightgrey.svg?style=flat)](http://batuhan.me)
[![Freelance](https://img.shields.io/badge/hire_me-yes!-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://batuhan.me/contact)

# Tap Me!
Tap Me! is a game that was coded with **Swift 3**. Do you want to learn to develop a game in Swift? This Swift game tutorial just for you...

##### You can develop yourself in these topics:
1. Creating timer like encounter and downcounter with Swift 3.0 // ` NSTimer(); `
2. Creating temporary database with Swift 3.0 // ` NSUserDefaults(); `
3. Working with functions. // ` func gameSetup(){ .. } `
4. Xcode constraints (this is so annoying, everybody knows :joy: )

##### Notes for potential users:
- It can help you to learn and develop applications or games for iOS platform.
- It was coded one year ago in my free times.
- 2 player mode is not developed.
- There may be some errors about Swift new versions, if you write me, then, I can fix it.
- I am not going to develop Tap Me, this is first and last version of the game.

##### Screenshots:
> ![Screenshots on Simulator iOS 9.3 / iPhone 6S](https://github.com/batuhankok/swift-tap-me/blob/master/secreenshot.png)

*Sorry for screenshots' quality.*

Commit message:

New version 1.1 🎉
There might be bugs, please open an issue!

README.md, after:

[![Programming Language](https://img.shields.io/badge/languages-Swift_3-green.svg?style=flat)](#)
[![GNU v3 License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GNU-yellow.svg?style=flat)](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-@BatuhanKok-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://twitter.com/BatuhanKok)
[![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/website-batuhan.me-lightgrey.svg?style=flat)](http://batuhan.me)
[![Freelance](https://img.shields.io/badge/hire_me-yes!-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](http://batuhan.me/contact)

# Tap Me!
Tap Me! is a game that was coded with **Swift 3+**. Do you want to learn to develop a game in Swift? If say yes, good news, this example game will be so useful for you...
 
**Version: 1.1 🎉**

##### You can develop yourself in these topics:
1. Creating timer like encounter and downcounter with Swift 3.0+ // ` NSTimer(); `
2. Creating temporary database with Swift 3.0+ // ` NSUserDefaults(); `
3. Working with functions. // ` func gameSetup(){ .. } `
4. Xcode constraints! :joy:
5. Working with AVFoundation // ` AVAudioPlayer() `
6. And much more!

##### Notes for potential users:
- It can help you to learn and develop applications or maybe games for iOS platform.
- It was coded for GitHub in my free times.
- 2 player mode was not developed yet, maybe in the next version...
- There might be some errors, if you write me, I can fix them.

##### Screenshots:
> ![Screenshots on Simulator iOS 10.3 / iPhone 7](https://github.com/batuhankok/swift-tap-me/blob/master/screenshot.jpg)

*Sorry for the code quality.*
